doc: Add notes to compile OVMF with legacy support (#1952)
cloud-hypervisor/cloud-hypervisor: docs/uefi.md

The same firmware can be used with Cloud Hypervisor or with QEMU. This is particularly useful if using QEMU for the preparation phase.

## Building UEFI Firmware with Compatibility Support Module (CSM)

> CSM is a module that allows to boot legacy operating systems using the OVMF firmware. OVMF can embed a CSM build of SeaBIOS. To build the SeaBIOS with CSM support, add `CONFIG_CSM=y` to `.config` before the build. The outcome `out/Csm16.bin` is to be moved into `OvmfPkg/Csm/Csm16/Csm16.bin` before OVMF is built. Also, the OVMF will need `-D CSM_ENABLE` to be appended, which will produce a legacy aware UEFI firmware. At the current stage, all the necessary patches are included in the Cloud Hypervisor specific [SeaBIOS branch](https://github.com/cloud-hypervisor/seabios/tree/ch). Taking into account the previous instructions, the modified command sequence to compile UEFI with the CSM support is below:

Reviewer: s/`Also, the OVMF will need `-D CSM_ENABLE` to be appended,`/`Then, the OVMF build will have to be passed the  `-D CSM_ENABLE` option in order to generate a legacy aware UEFI firmware,`

Author: Applied, thanks.

> CSM is a module that allows to boot legacy operating systems using the OVMF firmware. OVMF can embed a CSM build of SeaBIOS. To build the SeaBIOS with CSM support, add `CONFIG_CSM=y` to `.config` before the build. The outcome `out/Csm16.bin` is to be moved into `OvmfPkg/Csm/Csm16/Csm16.bin` before OVMF is built. Also, the OVMF will need `-D CSM_ENABLE` to be appended, which will produce a legacy aware UEFI firmware. At the current stage, all the necessary patches are included in the Cloud Hypervisor specific [SeaBIOS branch](https://github.com/cloud-hypervisor/seabios/tree/ch). Taking into account the previous instructions, the modified command sequence to compile UEFI with the CSM support is below:

Reviewer: s/`the modified command sequence to compile UEFI with the CSM support is below:`/`the modified command sequence to compile an OVMF binary with CSM support is the following one:`

Author: Applied, thanks.

```shell
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install uuid-dev nasm iasl build-essential python3-distutils git

git checkout https://github.com/cloud-hypervisor/seabios -b ch
cd seabios
make menuconfig
# Enable `CONFIG_CSM` and `CONFIG_QEMU_HARDWARE`
make CONFIG_CSM=y CONFIG_QEMU_HARDWARE=y
cd ..

git clone https://github.com/cloud-hypervisor/edk2 -b ch
cd edk2
. edksetup.sh
git submodule update --init
cp ../seabios/out/Csm16.bin OvmfPkg/Csm/Csm16/

echo "ACTIVE_PLATFORM=OvmfPkg/OvmfCh.dsc" >> Conf/target.txt
echo "TARGET_ARCH=X64" >> Conf/target.txt
echo "TOOL_CHAIN_TAG=GCC5" >> Conf/target.txt

make -C ./BaseTools
build

```

> Please note, that the CSM support has currently only been tested with Linux guests. No legacy support is planned for Windows or other guests or whatsoever.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note, that the CSM support has currently only been tested with Linux guests. There are no plans to provide legacy support for other OSes (e.g. Windows).
```

Author: Applied, thanks.
